Oh
[Music]
that was the longest rule we've written
so far it would be nice if the
magistrate could start using shorter
sentences bye where are you going
outside to play I don't think that's a
good idea it's almost dinner time oh
please mama
I really want to go out I don't know
Sagwa I promise I'll be back in time for
dinner
well alright then
[Music]
kittens you can't do better than that
oh yeah
oh I better go I can't be late for
dinner again mmm I think we're having
fish and bites i I saw cook making it
before sounds good
I'll see you tomorrow aren't you going
to go home and eat too
yeah yeah and something wrong fan oh
it's nothing
come on you can tell me well my family
doesn't have much food we get scraps now
and then so it isn't too bad but
sometimes there isn't much like today
that sounds tough
it's not so bad sometimes we find lots
of food and sometimes well we don't
don't worry we'll be fine see you later
uh okay see ya no wait don't go anywhere
okay I'll be right back
oh it's you Sagwa
what you want more food you are not a
kitten you are little piggy oh all right
but only because you're growing kitten
and need your strength
[Music]
take it outside I don't want the others
to get any ideas
[Music]
hmm is that your dinner no that's your
dinner I got it for you huh you did gee
thanks I'm gonna bring it home and share
with my family are you sure that's
enough for everyone oh yeah this is
great so there you are
where is everybody well they were on
time for dinner
so they've already finished eating uh as
I recall you promised to be home in time
for dinner since you broke your promise
you eat what's left plain rice plain
rice that's it well if you had been on
time you could have had steamed fish and
bites I now eat your dinner but I was
just yes oh nothing it's not fair I know
I was late but I was doing something
nice for my friend
[Music]
what was that are you okay huh I'm fine
I lost my glasses again it can't see
very well can you help me find them
sure sorry about the shuttlecock I can't
seem to do anything right today
there you are Sagwa boy where my